# PRE-Expedite
Today’s distributed and parallel file systems, e.g. Lustre and HDFS,have been deployed to provide aggregate I/O bandwidth for data-intensive applications. They typically configure centralized, sharedmetadata servers to server metadata requests. However, when deal-ing with emerging ML/DL applications, the metadata servers arepotentially overwhelmed by the large amount of small training files,leading to performance degradation. We investigate an approach ofreducing massive number of files access to metadata server, whichuses negligible client-side resource to manage and aggregate themassive number of files, so as to alleviate the bottleneck of metadataserver and achieve high performance.

To this end, we design and implement Pre-Expedite, a middle-ware framework that creates a zero file with an indicated size formanaging massive number of files requests at the client of dis-tributed or parallel file systems. The file is formatted as a light-weight file system that can aggregate massive number of files to-gether, store them into remote storage servers and serve metadatarequests locally without involving with metadata servers. To avoidaccess conflict on the zero file, we also design a permission con-trol and access coordination mechanism at client side. We evaluatethe performance of Pre-Expedite through benchmarks and real-world workloads. Our experiments show that the framework canimprove the overall performance through reducing the frequencyof metadata server accesses. In particular, Pre-Expedite provides upto 17x speedup for metadata operations and 1.25-3.5x performanceimprovement for various data-intensive applications.

# Install
